TL improvement (#313)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_009_4.txt

			NULL, "\"If Rina were to take the treasury funds and leave Okinomiya...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100713", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "いや、落とし前つけられて消されても、収入源を失った鉄平は、即、路頭に迷う。",

> 			NULL, " Rather, even if she were to be erased in compensation for that, Teppei's only source of income would disappear, and he'd immediately end up in the gutter.", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Rather, even if she were to be eliminated as payback for that, Teppei's only source of income would disappear, and he'd immediately end up in the gutter.", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
```
